welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're gonna explore the
big questions such as
can we prolong our lives beyond
biological death and still retain our
humanity
hopefully we'll find out via the 1984
exploitation film
death warmed up for more deep and
informative dives into cutting edge
science
subscribe to the channel and hit the
notifications my friend let's get to it
we've been on a field and observed some
young [ __ ] running for purposes
unknown but he's getting at it
regardless he enters a hospital and is
recognized as michael
son of the highly revered award-winning
dr tucker despite the clear signage he
makes his way to his father's office
and witnesses an argument between him
and dr howell about the efficacy of a
new life-enhancing procedure
howell has been testing it's promising
but unstable
despite this howell wants to begin human
testing immediately
michael learns a few things about
masculinity as howell physically
dominates his father by tossing him
around the room
you're all sweaty let's get you cleaned
up and then acting as a doting father to
his enemy's son
he stands outside the shower room as
michael's body is gently kissed
by the playful bubbles of the soap studs
he then creeps on him in full business
attire
and gives him a little shot to the ass
before carrying him off for
unknown experimentation very soon
thereafter howell gives him a ride home
and he sits in the back behaving like a
good boy
at home dr tucker sees a broadcast
interview in which dr howell talks about
his pioneering research
and the need to take clinical risks to
achieve progress which gets tucker
all riled up a malady his lady attempts
to cure him up but while this is
happening upstairs michael is heading in
the back with this sawed-off shotgun he
waltzes in and with no explanation
whatsoever
ceremoniously kills his father and then
metaphorically destroys his mother's
womb before making a final statement
about the home's decor
because this is a movie with layers when
we see him next he's being tossed into a
piss-stained padded room like
yesterday's trash
we learn from an info card that he
spends the next seven years in this
asylum
while dr howell enjoys his freedom by
perfecting his techniques on an isolated
island now performing his operations on
human patients we delight in the sights
and sounds and inadvertent squirts
so common to brain surgery as his crew
of anti-masters fail to save the patient
he butchers and then we transition to
now
again where michael and a close group of
his friends are enjoying an intimate
ferry ride the ferryman doesn't get much
business
now that the island he fairies to is
open to psychiatric hospital
it sort of brings down the vibe of the
island while lucas and genie enjoy their
bathing suit time we see they're being
observed by a couple of perverted sicko
orderlies on their way to the hospital
as michael and sandy talk we learned
that they have plans to visit some
spooky and dangerous world war ii
bunkers on the island
and they all know about it except genie
but he's also open about his desire
to get a crack at dr howell to enact a
plan for a revenge killing then the
first mate wanders up to have a bit of a
look-see at the automobile shenanigans
ending their fun what's happening got a
bit of a pervert
oh yeah like you and everyone else in
the ship so far the captain
upset that playtime's now over tells him
not to go back
onto the deck and then he complains of a
fairly severe internal burning which
leads to some fairly severe foaming at
the mouth then lucas and michael decide
to go check out the van riding with them
and they take a piss on it for some
reason
the two mutants inside don't take kindly
to this and it erupts into a full-on
battle
the boys manage to come out on top and
then joyfully drive off onto the island
to go cruising the picturesque
countryside
as they do so michael is overcome with
thoughts of vengeance but is interrupted
when genie hears a strange noise and
insists there's something out there they
don't make it totally clear exactly what
she's supposed to be referring to here
but it could be that the two pigs in the
van do circle around
and try to run them off the road but
again they get the short end of the
stick
soon the crew is rolling through the
local community where the men have taken
to wearing harnesses around their junk
and michael has a chance sighting of dr
howell
it gets his blood boiling inside we see
that howell lives like a king here
making everyone trip over themselves to
serve him and then leaving abruptly
while the proprietor basks in the
afterglow meanwhile our gang has made it
to the beach where they've taken to some
playful frolicking
genie has been brought in on the secret
about the tunnels and she reluctantly
agrees to go along with the plan
sandy gets caught up in the romance of
the scene and coyly suggests that she
and mike will find the opportunity for
some alone time that evening
as his budgie smugglers really struggle
to get the job done
at the hospital the first maid is leered
at by the nurses as he suffers an
immense headache he dirties up the couch
real good and then howl arrives to
provide some instruction they card him
off but he begs for no more treatment
he wants the sweet release of a final
death without revival and his wish is
ultimately granted elsewhere on the
island our gang arrives at the bunkers
they came for and proceeded to engage in
some sweet historical exploration
they head in somewhat hesitantly and
giggle their way down the echoey halls
in their enthusiasm to explore the girls
become separated but eventually find a
light source
hearing some strange noises they assume
the boys are in the midst of an epic
prank but it turns out this is just a
trash chute for medical garbage
they take off running meeting the lads
along the way and they're all pursued by
motorcycle doctors
they get all turned around as they're
run off at various points by the bikers
who mostly just startled them as they
zoom by repeatedly
except for genie that is she gets her
[ __ ] rocked in the final pass by they
managed to find a way out but lucas
decides that retreat is now
unacceptable he circles back and sets up
a booby trap that results in one of the
bikers taking a length of rebar through
the torso
as they then zoom across the countryside
sandy is concerned about the extent of
genie's injuries
and tries to convince michael to drive
them to the hospital but since that is
the source of all their current problems
he declines to do so
and also through this whole conversation
sandy sends a bit of a mixed message
about how bad
this all is i can't stop it bleeding
she's
dying you're okay genie he's dying
michael don't you understand back at the
hospital dr howell learns of the
intrusion
and damage and then storms off while his
contemptible mutants are disposed of
rightly wanting to continue to live
spider declines to take his treatment
and then heads to the steam station
where he kills a guard
and then lets out the rest of his kind
guys wait up i didn't say what it was
meanwhile the kids find a pub and get on
the horn with the institute hoping to
find someone who can send them some
assistance
but in a show of true one-upmanship
they're informed by the administrator
that they have their own problems right
now having just suffered a breakout of
psycho patients
they give their location anyway while
the barkeep tries to convince them that
it's time to just get the hell out of
there when the lights go out he tells
them to group up since this has
apparently happened before
sandy's already thinking in those terms
and locks genie in the car for safety
while she goes to check in with the boys
but the psychos are already in town now
and busting into whatever they can find
that seems worth busting
however their attack stops as suddenly
as it started as they seem to have
turned their attention to the car
thinking the coast may be clear the
barkeep heads out to see if his
willingness to serve earns him a few
brownie points
but it does not they gain access to the
bar and the car
right as the medical personnel show up
and begin to restore order
in the process of doing this our gang is
all packed up and carted off
their bondage however is short-lived as
back at the hospital parking garage the
nurses have been overtaken
allowing them to slip by they proceed
down the halls as bedlam erupts all
around them
when they find a relatively safe spot
michael slips down a hallway creeping
like a total badass before getting
knocked the f
out with genie totally freaking out
about her head injury they panic and
inject her with a huge amount of an
unknown drug
hoping that it works to do something
then they leave her in a storeroom for
safety so they can address the matter of
the intruding mutants
however she quickly realizes that she's
not alone as a shy psychopath quietly
emerges from the shadows
she manages to set him on fire much to
her initial benefit but the overall cost
proves to be greater than desired as she
also catches a light we then find sandy
and lucas proceeding carefully down a
hallway of horrors like they're in a
haunted house
here they have not even a moment to
doubt themselves as they're confronted
with the urgent task of confiscating
weapons and fighting their way down the
halls
this whole time we see howl's been busy
with more of his surgeries
he's been trying to figure out what's
been going wrong as his patients tend to
wind up with stones inside their
brains when he comes out from this fresh
failure he finds michael waiting
patiently outside his o.r
howell slaps him around a bit and begins
to take him on a tour of the progress
he's made with his work
his hubris prevents him from believing
he could come to be harmed since he's so
important to the process unfolding
around them he attempts to regain
michael's trust but is just too
creepy so then michael in the process of
violently trying to prove to him that
he's not a murderer stabs him repeatedly
until dead
spider then returns his motivations
still unclear
and plants and acts firmly in lucas's
abdomen michael arrives drops a single
tear for his fallen friend and then
smiles as he slinks away
thinking about the pleasures of his
future revenge they drive off in
disbelief
wondering what was that all for and the
truth is we don't know and then michael
enamored with bloodlust in this new open
sandbox world of mutant violence and
chaos
exits the car to explore a scene of
destruction despite sandy's desire to
just ride on to safety
he clearly should have listened to her
as he ends up being randomly killed when
a live wire falls on him
robbing him of the well-deserved
vengeance he saw and then sandy just
runs off into the night
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to take a moment to give
a huge thanks to my donors memorialized
in the hall of head shots well this was
art i'm not really sure what more there
is to say about it did we learn anything
uh how about the nature of the human
condition how about
man's existential dread derived from
feelings of worthlessness in the face of
his own mortality perhaps these things
and more if you enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching